Hi, how are you all? You know I am going to China soon for a two-week holiday and I am
really looking forward to seeing you all. Of course, I really want to see some of the
famous places there, like the Great Wall, and I know that there are a lot of other ancient
buildings and beautiful places to see. I recently read about the big changes in China over
the past few years. The new cities have grown so quickly and the old cities have changed so much,
so I am sure there will be a lot to see. Please can you each suggest some places to go so that I
can have a perfect holiday? Lots of love, Tina. Hi, Tina. For me, the best place to visit is
Shen Jin. It is an exciting and fast-moving new city in the south of China. You can get a very good idea of
modern China if you go there. You can also visit an old city like Nanjing. Nanjing has changed a lot
over the past 20 years. You can see the old and new buildings standing side by side there, and many of the
older buildings now look beautiful because workers have carefully made them look as good as new. Looking
forward to seeing you soon, Hong Mei. Hi, Tina. It is great to hear you are coming to China. Let's travel
around together and visit some interesting places. I would really like to go to Sian. I have never been there
before. If we go there, we will get the chance to see the Terracotta Army. There are also a lot of other
places of interest in this city because it has a long history. Let me know when you will arrive and I can plan our trip.
Lots of love, Fan Tsing. Hello, Tina. What good news. At last you are coming to visit us here
in China. I know you are really interested in animals, so I suggest that we visit Chengdu, a beautiful city in Sichuan province.
We can see pandas in the park near Chengdu. We can also visit Dufu's Thatched Cottage, Dufu Cao Tang, one of my favourite places there.
Dufu was one of the most famous poets in Chinese history. He lived there for some years. After he died, it became a place for people to remember him.
It is a traditional Chinese garden as well as a beautiful and quiet place, excellent for reading and thinking. I hope you like my suggestions. Love way, way.